Fix documentation for `truss push --publish` (#771)
basetenlabs/truss: docs/reference/cli/push.mdx

Name of the remote in .trussrc to patch changes to.
</ParamField>
<ParamField body="--publish" type="BOOL">

> Publish truss as non-development deployment. If no production model exists, promote the truss to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push the truss as a published deployment. If no production deployment exists, promote the truss to production.
```

Same suggestion for copy below as well.
